vlinsert: skip unavailable storage nodes when rerouting occurs, to avoid uneven data distribution. (#1613)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs: docs/victorialogs/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * FEATURE: [cluster version](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/cluster/): skip unavailable storage nodes when rerouting occurs. Previously, data was rerouted across all nodes following the `-storageNode` order with a random starting offset. This caused uneven load distribution, as healthy nodes adjacent to offline nodes would consistently receive more data. See [#1548](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1548).

Reviewer: Oh, I forgot that this seems to be a severe problem that can cause not only uneven data distribution but also an increased resource burden on the next node. So it's better to classify this as a bug.

```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [cluster version](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/cluster/): evenly spread rerouted data across available `vlstorage` nodes. Previously, healthy nodes adjacent to unavailable nodes in the `-storageNode` list could receive much more data, resulting in uneven resource usage. See [#1548](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1548).
```
